friendship between Austria and France
must be cemented by marriage my youngest
daughter on trial will be Queen of
France it was a custom that the bride
retain nothing belonging to a foreign
court you represent the future all eyes
will be on you so I've heard you make
keys as a hobby yes so disaster this is
ridiculous yes
[Music]
I'm afraid the Queen has a somewhat
artistic temperament it's not - Majesty
[Music]
the King and Queen are complete blunder
don't they ever get tired of these
ridiculous stories can't you do
something I'm not going to acknowledge
it
she was in the shrubs at dawn is Darius
man he has quite a reputation
she's a terrible queen letting everyone
down would be my greatest weakness the
Bastille fortress was storming
[Applause]
[Music]
there's a mob of hunters on their way
[Applause]
[Music]